this is zoologia fantastic
that I curated and there are seven are
us in this show working in
we have people working in painting
sculpture photography video installation
all of them dealing with the animal as
the subject however the content of the
work deals with the contradictions that
exists between the animal human
relationship this is Kelly Scott Kelly's
work she's one of the original nuclei
artists of the show one of the original
artists that I spun the theme of the
show around and for work deals with the
image of the animal in terms of how we
represent the animal and children's
storybooks cuddly toys yet at the same
time simultaneously we are causing their
extinction we perform cruel acts on them
so that contradiction that exists
between the ways in which we represent
them for the use of something that is
supposed to represent innocence and then
the way that we treat them which is
which is in stark contradiction what's
interesting about these works is the
scale in which they're printed is very
large and so as we engage with them
these images are very they're very kind
of up front and center with our vantage
point there there we have to confront
them via the scale and via their gaze
you know many of these are looking us
right in the eye and it brings about all
these contradictory feelings that we
have
mikes we sympathize and empathize with
these when we realize what they've gone
through yet at the same time mice are so
commonly used for for research of
various kinds and in that research is
something that actually benefits mankind
so our sympathies towards these animals
versus what we gain from them are really
in contradiction
you